this is in 1868 RCA Victor metal fo5 32
WR it uses the tube type CTC 31 chassis
and it features the wireless wizard
remote control which can be seen right
here wireless wizard is the marketing
name that was given in the remote by RCA
and you could see its functions
I'm totally electronic channel volume
out off color intent and the channel
would only advance the VHF motor drive
in the upward direction nor control
everything else is manually tuned it to
set yeah closed up in the control panel
here that's the microphone for remote
pickup scene a green light there that
indicates that the remote control
chassis is on there's a micro switch
that's on the power switch and when it's
rotated know about an eighth turn it
activates the remote control chassis
further turning the power switch
counterclockwise would chuck the remote
GSE completely off so you want to be
able to operate the set with the remote
control take a look at the auxiliary
control panel this lifts up door here
and get the color intent which are both
motor drive for the remote control
option
probably notice that this set does not
have a bond a tube uses the 25 a JP 22
which is the original CRT in the set
it's dated 6839 this is an all steel
cabinet set with the wood grain photo
finish obviously we got the typical
plastic cover for the back can't see the
model number they're kind of rare for
model number tags to still be on these
sets they seem to either fall off or
someone peels them off so you really
never know what you have until you kind
of match it up with a picture in the
service manual RCA called this set the
Shelby and their marketing literature
we're gonna use the TV you turn it on
tune across some channels over-the-air
use the original remote control right
here I'll put the camera on a tripod get
everything else situated
at the remote right here power on by
continuing to hold that button there
we're advancing the volume completely
motor drive there are no relays that
function any of the mechanical
operations of the controls
no snapper relay is like in a Xena Space
Command
so you have a completely variable range
of the volume on the RCA which makes a
little more user-friendly John Calloway
to talk about that so please stay with
us
good evening I'm Geoffrey bear and I'm
here with John they have we'll get back
to the program just as human turn the
collar up we want to take a moment and
ask for your support of our local
flagship
that's okay
the offer went up now hold in your
grocers freezer and get wrapped up and
taste a forbidden world has just been
opened to the lucky chosen one now
the Panda that's the Panda he's a little
too big to corner and aft in this
particular home is about to prove she's
just what they needed bytes are new and
there are chilies Wow fun jewelry
controls
adjust the color off
let me go adjustable so one size fits
all or you can choose that Chicago my
coffee mug just like the one you see on
the show every night see with any good
working RC you have really good focus on
these you'll be able to meet bill pumps
a and the rest of the Chicago 19 get a
tour the studio's attend a special
Chicago night viewing party it's a
special way for you to get a
behind-the-scenes look one of your
favorite programs to meet the people
behind it all it's on September 18
that's at 6 o'clock and it's just for
you and a friend it's a hundred dollar
gift so come join us and of course if
$100 is not in your budget remember that
any contribution helps it's $10 or $20
with it for the Reds fiction code the
uhmmmm real quick
and pitch to the police here in five
World Series against the Reds
he was with the Boston Red Sox
he's in my book
I was in your book I remind him of it
every time I see him I was in triple-a
playing for the Phoenix Giants dick Bowl
was I don't know as a rehab assignment
or where they just send down a triple-a
to get some work but dick Paul had been
a big league pitcher for a long time it
as a minor leaguer to get an opportunity
to face a guy who had been in the big
leagues that was a huge challenge and up
in Portland Oregon I got him over the
left-field wall where the Janssen girl
is all stretch down there TV's off and
if I continue to hold it down I can
completely turn remote chassis off to
right there and that's it